1. Manager
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from ticket sales
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from food orderd
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from beverage orders
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from advertisements
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from partnership
	View Stuck in the Movie's revenues from ticket class
	
	View Stuck in the Movie’s movie schedule
	View Stuck in the Movie’s facilities and equipment

	View Stuck in the Movie membership
	View Stuck in the Movie employee (can check resign based on contract)
	data visualization based on time period
	filter data based on important attributes

2. Human Resource Department
	managing anything related to Stuck in the Movie’s employees.
	view employees’ personal information
	manage the employees’ recruitment
	warning letter
	fired if 3x warning letter
	salary adjustment
	sets employees’ working time
 Employee
	can request change working time
	can submit personal leave request
3. Accounting and Finance Department
	managing anything related to Stuck in the Movie’s cash flow
	calculating taxes
	accounting and finance department, together with the manager, will review the fund request to be accepted,

4. Storage Department
	managing anything related to Stuck in the Movie’s facility and equipment
	in charge of purchasing new facilities and equipment requested by other departments
	calculate the shortage or excess money based on the actual price and the fund that has been approved by the accounting and finance department
	If facilities or equipment is damaged, the storage department will try to check and fix it
	
5. External Department
	maintaining relationships 
External Parties
	movie producers -> knowing the details of the movie.
	food and beverages suppliers -> search for suppliers who can work together to support the business operations of the Stuck in the Movie cafe
	advertising partner ->  search for companies that want to advertise on Stuck in the Movie.

6. Promotion and Event Department
	managing promo or event that is available

7. Movie Department
	 a. Schedule Division
		responsible for scheduling movies
	b. Front Office Division
		responsible for serving customers
	c. Operation Division
		responsible for preparing the theater’s rooms

8. Cafe Department
	a. Front Office Division
		responsible for serving customers
	b. kitchen division
		responsible for making foods and/or beverages

9. Administrator Department
	responsible for anything related to the Stuck in the Movie system.



